1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

	Is chicken noodle soup for a breakup food because it provides a feeling of comfort?
	Why is there one state that eats mac and cheese for break up food?
	What does California, Arizona, and Michigan have in common for chips to be there break up food?


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

	https://trends.google.com/trends/


3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

	The highest peak recorded in the line chart was from May 31st to June 30th.

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

	The lowest dip recorded was from November 30th to December 31st.

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search term. 

	

Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).


a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?

	The highest peak recorded is April 30th to May 31st.

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

	The line for milkshake is flat. The high and low look the same.

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

	The line was changed from an absolute scale to a relative one.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?

	I see that when the trend for hamburgers increase the trend for breakups decrease, but from May to October their trends match. Then from December to January the trends are opposite.


b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

	Based on the line chart between Milkshake and Breakup I was not able to see a pattern that suggest a relationship between the two.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?

	I would suggest that the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article was more collation rather than causation. Based on the line charts, one did not increase or decreased just because the other increased or decreased.

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”

Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
	
	Delaware
	
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

	South Dakota

9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
   to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv



 
