1.Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?

	This website is to the U.S. Government's Open Data

2.Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

	There are 402,381 datasets listed.

3.Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health category?

	I think they were tagged with human health because they talk about the welfare of humans. Some of the datasets talk about clean air while some others talk about the organic compound concentrations that are found in water to list a few.

4.Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

	You can navigate to find additional datasets from the USDA, by typing in the search bar USDA.

5.Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.



6.Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

	For the city of Philadelphia one organization returned and that was Open Data Philly.
	For the state of PA 42 organizations were found and they are, Allegheny County (City of Pittsburgh),Army Corps of Engineers, The Department of the Army,City of Baton Rouge,Department of Agriculture (USDA),Department of Commerce, Department of Defense, Department of Education, Department of Energy, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Justice, Department of Labor, Department of State, Department of the Treasury, Department of Transportation, Department of Veterans Affairs, Earth Data Analysis Center, University of New Mexico, Florida Department of Environmental Protection, Government Publishing Office (GPO), Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Council, International Boundary & Water Commission, Louisville Metro Government, Municipality of Anchorage, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), National Endowment for the Arts, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), National Telecommunications and Information Administration, OpenTopography, Pennsylvania Spatial Data Access (PASDA), Railroad Retirement Board, State of Alaska, State of Washington, Town of Chapel Hill, North Carolina,  U.S. Census Bureau, Department of Commerce, U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Geological Survey, Department of the Interior (USGS), University of Alaska, Vermont Center for Geographic Information (VCGI)

7.Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your results?

	Food composition returned nutrition information because food composition is a technical term that the USDA uses. Where as nutrition is a more generalized term that the USDA uses, which leads to a more diverse dataset.

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.

8.Go back to the results for food composition, and click on Food Data Central. Review the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for 
Visit Page. Take some time to explore the Food Data Central website.

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?

		When I clicked on butter, it gave me a list of different types of butter as well as the food category. When I clicked on a result it showed me the components and samples that the FDA used to get the components.

b)Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find more information on the data types available
	
		You can find historical data about Foundation Food. The files are under 3 gigabits. You can find more information on the data types available on the download file column, you can see the file name to find out the data file type.